Whoa! Awesome!
It’s so shiny!
You two are really excited about it.
There are a lot of fun things you can do
—and important things too!
However, before we let you use it,
we need to establish a few rules.
Aw! Rules?
Yes, kids,
because too much of a good thing
can become a bad thing.
What do you mean?
A wise man once said:
“There is an appointed time for everything.”
But if you are always looking down at your device,
you can lose track of time
or miss beautiful things happening around you.
Your mother and I
are going to set time limits for you,
and you’ll always be under our supervision.
Five more minutes, Caleb.
OK, Mom.
Remember, time is a gift from Jehovah.
We should use it wisely.
Isn’t that right, Honey?
That’s right!
Now, smile.